[rocsparse] Fix double-free / use-after-free when copying a csritsv mat_info (#7910)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocsparse/CHANGELOG.md

* Fix compilation when using `--rocsparse_ILP64`
* Fix off-by-one heap-buffer-overflow in temporary buffer allocation for `rocsparse_csrsort`, `rocsparse_check_matrix_csr`, and `rocsparse_check_matrix_gebsr` (and their delegating routines `rocsparse_cscsort`, `rocsparse_coosort`, `rocsparse_check_matrix_csc`, and `rocsparse_check_matrix_gebsc`) where the `shift_offsets_kernel` temp buffer was sized for `m` elements instead of `m+1`.
* Fixed incorrect usage of `rocsparse_conj` in `bsric0` for complex matrices

> * Fix double-free and use-after-free in `rocsparse_copy_mat_info` for `csritsv` info, where the owned `ptr_end` device buffer was copied shallowly and the pivot/position metadata was copied using the destination's (invalid) index type instead of the source's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed double-free and use-after-free in `rocsparse_copy_mat_info` for `csritsv` info objects, where the owned `ptr_end` device buffer was copied shallowly and the pivot/position metadata was copied using the destination's default index type instead of the source's.
```

Author: Done, thanks!

> * Fix the `--memstat` build, where tracked allocation call sites passing typed `T**` pointers (for example `csrmv` `wg_flags` and the HYB index buffers) failed to compile against the `void**` allocation entry points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the `--memstat` build error caused by the tracked allocation macros not casting typed `T**` call-site arguments to the required `void**`.
```

Author: Done, thanks!
